# byte_codes
A collection of byte sized problems and experiments that I found to be interesting

1. [**Madhava's correction terms**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madhava%27s_correction_term) - Madhava, a 14th century Indian mathematician came up with a series of approximation terms to calculate the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter (which is equal to pi). Leibniz also came up with this series independently later in the 17th century. Madhava also came up with a few correction terms that greatly improve the degree of approximation when we terminate the sequence.

2. **Extracting textual content from HTML using ChatGPT** - I experimented with the ability of ChatGPT to extract useful information from sources bloated with junk around the useful content. ChatGPT performed surprisingly well. It was able to extract text which was embedded in html in two ways - just by looking at the html and replying with the useful text, and by writing some Python code to programmatically do the same.

3. [**Kakeya's Needle Problem**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kakeya_set#Kakeya_needle_problem) - In a 2D plane, what is the region D with the minimum area in which a needle of unit length and non-zero thickness can be turned 360 degrees? Spoiler alert, a circle of unit diameter is not the correct answer. Kakeya posed this question in 1917 and gave an elegant (although proven to be incorrect later) solution in the form of a deltoid, which only occupies half the area of the unit diameter circle. Variations of this problem have been linked to many other difficult unrelated problems.
